[Music]
far away as north as we can go once
stood an enchanted forest you see an
enchanted forest yes it was a magical
place but something went wrong since
then no one can get in or what would I
do without you you'll always have me
[Music]
how's Elsa seemed weird to you she seems
like Elsa there's this voice voice what
does that mean
the kingdom is not safe find who is
calling to you they may have answers I'm
going with you
Anna no excuse me I climb to the North
Mountain survived a frozen heart and
saved you from my ex-boyfriend so you
know I'm coming
it's normal
where are we how did you get in the
force the mist parted for us impossible
where did you learn magic
[Music]
okay I'll just follow me into fire then
don't run into fire
[Music]
magic is very alluring without you she
may lose herself
protect arendelle at all cost
[Music]
I believe in you Elsa
or anything
quick question is the hole putting up
the Mortal games are gonna be a regular
thing
[Music]